# Export and Import

Exporting and Importing is a common thing, and not only for programming, but it's also formally used to export files out of the program so that you can use the files elsewhere or import them into the file or program you're currently working in, to continue working on them.

***Note:*** This is a guide for programming though, so we won't be going over how to export or import in other programs, but it should be fairly simple.

Well exporting, and importing are going to be different depending on the program you're currently using. For example, if we were to compare Node.js and React.js it would look around something like this in comparison.

#### Exporting example
#### Node
```js
    const name = 'Sune';
    module.exports = name;
```

#### React
```js
    const name = 'Sune';
    export name;
```
<br/>
As you can see the difference is there, and that is why we will only be focusing on React in this chapter. Now that we have that out of the way let's begin.

### Exporting

In React there are a few ways you can export, for example, named-, mixed-, and default export as well be going over in this section of the chapter.

### Named exporting

Named exporting is the most common one, we declare a variable with a name (key) and sends it off, but there's the question of how do we then export multiple named variables, without having to write the line **export name** a thousand times.

#### How we export a single variable/fucntion
```js
    // Exporting a function
    export function name() {};

    // Exporting a named function
    export const name = () => {}

    // Exporting a single variable
    const name = 'Sune';
    export name;
```
<br/>
Now that we know how to export a single named variable/function, let's get to how we export multiple at once.

#### How we export multiple variables/functions
```js
    // Exporting multiple functions at once
    export function firstName() {};
    export function lastName() {};

    // Exporting multiple named functions at once
    const firstName = () => {}
    const lastName = () => {}

    export { firstName, lastName ;

    // Exporting multiple variables at once
    const firstName = 'Sune';
    const lastName = 'Quist';

    export { firstName, lastName };
```
<br/>
You may have wondered, "Why are there two functions?", well you will see in the import section why we made it two functions, but the basis is we don't refer to them as named exports, rather we just export them, though a named function, is also uncommon to export grouped :open_mouth: